documentation/candidates.md, before:


# FEC API Documentation
## Candidate

Provides descriptive information about campaign finance report filers.

## Supported parameters for candidate

| Parameter | Description |
|-----|-----|
| q=          | Full-text search |
| /<candidate_id>  | Single candidate's record |
| candidate_id=    | Synonym for /<candidate_id> |
| office=     | Governmental office sought |
| state=      | Two-letter state abbreviation |
| district=   | Two-digit number(00 - if no district or at large) |
| name=       | Candidate's name |
| page=       | Page number |
| party=      | 3-letter party abbreviation |
| per_page=   | Number of records per page |
| year=       | Any year in which candidate ran |
| fields =    | Comma separated list of fields to display or `*` for all |


---

## Supported fields for candidate

### candidate_id

Unique id given to a candidate running for an office. Note that a candidate that runs for different offices such as Senate and President, that individual will have multiple `candidate_id`s. Candidates with multiple elections in the same chamber do not change `candidate_id`s.

`candidate_id`s beginning with an 'H' are for House candidates, ids beginning with a 'S' are Senate candidates and ids beginning with 'P' are presidential candidates.

### name

Name has the following children:

#### full_name

Full name of the candidate for the most recent election.

#### name_1

Part of the name that appears after the comma in full name. (This may be null)

#### name_2

Part of the name that appears before the comma in full name. (This may be null)

#### other_names

Variations of the full name of the candidate in FEC records.

### elections

A hash of information specific to each election with the election cycle year as its key.

`elections` has the following children:

#### candidate_status

The candidate's statutory standing in an election.

`candidate` Statutory candidate.
`future_candidate` Statutory candidate for future election.
`not_yet_candidate` Not yet a statutory candidate.
`prior_candidate`  Statutory candidate in prior cycle.

#### candidate_inactive

Whether or not a candidate is active in an election.

`Y` candidate id inactive
`null` candidate active

#### district

The district of the office the candidate is running for. In cases the code is, `00`, it means there is no district for the office, such as President and Senate, or the member is "at large" for House members.

#### election_year

Year of the election. Elections are in two-year election cycles.

#### incumbent_challenge

Indicates whether a candidate is an `incumbent`, already in office; a `challenger` to an incumbent; or if it is an `open_seat` and no incumbent is running in the race.

#### office_sought

The office the candidate is seeking, either `President`, `Senate` or `House`.

#### party_affiliation

The candidate's political party. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes).

#### party_full

The written-out political party of the candidate. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes).

#### party

The three-letter code for the political party of the candidate. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes).

#### primary_committee

The primary committee for the candidate. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes)

`primary_committee` has the following children:

##### committee_id

Unique id of the committee.

##### committee_name

The name of the committee in its most recent records.

##### designation_full

Designation of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations). The committee's designation can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### designation

Designation code of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations).

##### type_full

The type of the committee. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).The committee's type can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### type

The type of the committee code. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).

#### affiliated_committees

A committee affiliated with the candidate. For example, an unauthorized single-candidate PAC.

Each of the affiliated committee has the following children:

##### committee_id

Unique id of the committee.

##### designation_full

Designation of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations). The committee's designation can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### designation

Designation code of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations).

##### type_full

The type of the committee. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).The committee's type can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### type

The type of the committee code. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).

### state

The two-letter postal abbreviation for the state the candidate is running for office.


### mailing address
Mailing address of the candidate's mailing.

#### city

City of candidate's mailing address.

#### expire_date

Expiration date of the address

#### state

Sate of the candidate's mailing address

#### street_1

First line of the street of the candidate's mailing address.

#### street_2

Second line of the street of the candidate's mailing address, if provided.

#### zip

Zipcode of the candidate's mailing address.

---

## Sample output

### Sample call
```
/candidate?office=H&state=CA&name=JENSEN&fields=*
```

### Sample response
```
{
    "api_version": "0.2",
    "pagination": {
        "count": 2,
        "page": 1,
        "pages": 1,
        "per_page": 2
    },
    "results": [
        {
            "candidate_id": "H0CA02146",
            "elections": [
                {
                    "district": "02",
                    "election_year": "2010",
                    "office_sought": "House",
                    "party_affiliation": "Invalid Party Code",
                    "state": "CA"
                }
            ],
            "mailing_addresses": [
                {
                    "city": "DURHAM ",
                    "expire_date": "2012-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "PO BOX 156 ",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "95938"
                },
                {
                    "city": "DURHAM ",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "PO BOX 156",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "95938"
                }
            ],
            "name": {
                "full_name": "JENSEN, MARK A.",
                "name_1": "MARK A.",
                "name_2": "JENSEN"
            }
        },
        {
            "candidate_id": "H2CA08172",
            "elections": [
                {
                    "candidate_inactive": null,
                    "candidate_status": "candidate",
                    "district": "08",
                    "election_year": "2012",
                    "incumbent_challenge": "challenger",
                    "office_sought": "House",
                    "party_affiliation": "Republican Party",
                    "primary_committee": {
                        "committee_id": "C00512806",
                        "designation": "Principal campaign committee",
                        "designation_code": "P",
                        "type": "House",
                        "type_code": "H"
                    },
                    "state": "CA"
                }
            ],
            "mailing_addresses": [
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "expire_date": "2010-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "8075 E AVE",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92345"
                },
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "expire_date": "2011-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "8075 E AVE",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92345"
                },
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "expire_date": "2012-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "P.O. BOX 400346",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92340"
                },
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "P.O. BOX 400346",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92340"
                }
            ],
            "name": {
                "full_name": "JENSEN, WILLIAM O'NEIL JR",
                "name_1": "WILLIAM O'NEIL JR",
                "name_2": "JENSEN"
            }
        }
    ]
}

```

---

Commit message:

Fleshed out documentation to include a bit of context. I tried to borrow from current FEC documentation when possible.

documentation/candidates.md, after:


# FEC API Documentation
## Candidate

Candidates are search-able by name, id and the parameters listed below. Years may be provided to see the activity of a candidate over time, hiding the information that is not relevant to that year. Information is grouped in the elections section, by two-year election cycles.

Results default to the last 4 years, but particular years and '*' for all years may be passed into the request, as described below. Additionally, all fields are not shown my default but can be adjusted by the fields parameter.

The endpoint also returns basic information about committees that file regarding the candidate. Each result reflects a unique FEC candidate id. That id is unique to the candidate for a particular office sought. So, if a candidate runs for the same office over time, that id will stay the same. If the same person runs for another office, for example, a House candidate runs for a Senate office, that candidate will get an additional id that will be unique to him or her for that office.

The Candidate endpoint uses data from FEC forms 1 and 2 with additional forms to provide context.

## Supported parameters for candidate

| Parameter | Description |
|-----|-----|
| q=          | Full-text search |
| /<candidate_id>  | Single candidate's record this will be slightly faster that using candidate_id as a filter but, only one candidate id is accepted per call and only the year and field filtering will be applicable. |
| candidate_id=    | Accepts one or more candidate ids. |
| office=     | Governmental office sought. |
| state=      | Two-letter state abbreviation where the candidate is running for office. |
| district=   | Two-digit number of the candidate's district(00 - if no district or at large.) |
| name=       | Candidate's name. |
| page=       | Page number. |
| party=      | 3-letter party abbreviation. |
| per_page=   | Number of records per page. |
| year=       | A year in which candidate ran. |
| fields =    | Comma separated list of fields to display or `*` to display all fields. |


---

## Supported fields for candidate

### candidate_id

Unique id given to a candidate running for an office. Note that a candidate that runs for different offices such as Senate and President, that individual will have multiple `candidate_id`s. Candidates with multiple elections in the same chamber do not change `candidate_id`s.

`candidate_id`s beginning with an 'H' are for House candidates, ids beginning with a 'S' are Senate candidates and ids beginning with 'P' are presidential candidates.

### name

Name has the following children:

#### full_name

Full name of the candidate for the most recent election.

#### name_1

Part of the name that appears after the comma in full name. (This may be null)

#### name_2

Part of the name that appears before the comma in full name. (This may be null)

#### other_names

Variations of the full name of the candidate in FEC records.

### elections

A hash of information specific to each election with the election cycle year as its key.

`elections` has the following children:

#### candidate_status

The candidate's statutory standing in an election.

`candidate` Statutory candidate.
`future_candidate` Statutory candidate for future election.
`not_yet_candidate` Not yet a statutory candidate.
`prior_candidate`  Statutory candidate in prior cycle.

#### candidate_inactive

Whether or not a candidate is active in an election.

`Y` candidate id inactive
`null` candidate active

#### district

The district of the office the candidate is running for. In cases the code is, `00`, it means there is no district for the office, such as President and Senate, or the member is "at large" for House members.

#### election_year

Year of the election. Elections are in two-year election cycles.

#### incumbent_challenge

Indicates whether a candidate is an `incumbent`, already in office; a `challenger` to an incumbent; or if it is an `open_seat` and no incumbent is running in the race.

#### office_sought

The office the candidate is seeking, either `President`, `Senate` or `House`.

#### party_affiliation

The candidate's political party. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes).

#### party_full

The written-out political party of the candidate. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes).

#### party

The three-letter code for the political party of the candidate. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes).

#### primary_committee

The primary committee for the candidate. See full list of political party and party codes [here](party_codes)

`primary_committee` has the following children:

##### committee_id

Unique id of the committee.

##### committee_name

The name of the committee in its most recent records.

##### designation_full

Designation of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations). The committee's designation can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### designation

Designation code of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations).

##### type_full

The type of the committee. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).The committee's type can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### type

The type of the committee code. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).

#### affiliated_committees

A committee affiliated with the candidate. For example, an unauthorized single-candidate PAC.

Each of the affiliated committee has the following children:

##### committee_id

Unique id of the committee.

##### designation_full

Designation of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations). The committee's designation can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### designation

Designation code of the committee. See full list of designations and designation codes [here](designations).

##### type_full

The type of the committee. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).The committee's type can affect what rules the committee must follow.

##### type

The type of the committee code. See full list of types and type codes [here](committee_type).

### state

The two-letter postal abbreviation for the state the candidate is running for office.


### mailing address
Mailing address of the candidate's mailing.

#### city

City of candidate's mailing address.

#### expire_date

Expiration date of the address

#### state

Sate of the candidate's mailing address

#### street_1

First line of the street of the candidate's mailing address.

#### street_2

Second line of the street of the candidate's mailing address, if provided.

#### zip

Zipcode of the candidate's mailing address.

---

## Sample output

### Sample call
```
/candidate?office=H&state=CA&name=JENSEN&fields=*
```

### Sample response
```
{
    "api_version": "0.2",
    "pagination": {
        "count": 2,
        "page": 1,
        "pages": 1,
        "per_page": 2
    },
    "results": [
        {
            "candidate_id": "H0CA02146",
            "elections": [
                {
                    "district": "02",
                    "election_year": "2010",
                    "office_sought": "House",
                    "party_affiliation": "Invalid Party Code",
                    "state": "CA"
                }
            ],
            "mailing_addresses": [
                {
                    "city": "DURHAM ",
                    "expire_date": "2012-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "PO BOX 156 ",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "95938"
                },
                {
                    "city": "DURHAM ",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "PO BOX 156",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "95938"
                }
            ],
            "name": {
                "full_name": "JENSEN, MARK A.",
                "name_1": "MARK A.",
                "name_2": "JENSEN"
            }
        },
        {
            "candidate_id": "H2CA08172",
            "elections": [
                {
                    "candidate_inactive": null,
                    "candidate_status": "candidate",
                    "district": "08",
                    "election_year": "2012",
                    "incumbent_challenge": "challenger",
                    "office_sought": "House",
                    "party_affiliation": "Republican Party",
                    "primary_committee": {
                        "committee_id": "C00512806",
                        "designation": "Principal campaign committee",
                        "designation_code": "P",
                        "type": "House",
                        "type_code": "H"
                    },
                    "state": "CA"
                }
            ],
            "mailing_addresses": [
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "expire_date": "2010-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "8075 E AVE",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92345"
                },
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "expire_date": "2011-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "8075 E AVE",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92345"
                },
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "expire_date": "2012-10-23",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "P.O. BOX 400346",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92340"
                },
                {
                    "city": "HESPERIA",
                    "state": "CA",
                    "street_1": "P.O. BOX 400346",
                    "street_2": null,
                    "zip": "92340"
                }
            ],
            "name": {
                "full_name": "JENSEN, WILLIAM O'NEIL JR",
                "name_1": "WILLIAM O'NEIL JR",
                "name_2": "JENSEN"
            }
        }
    ]
}

```

---
